if you want to grow your business or
take your side hustle to a full-time gig
in 2022 then google ads is your answer
how do i know that because i've used
google ads to grow my own businesses
plus the businesses of countless numbers
of my clients who are seeing success
with google ads every day my name is
aaron young and i'm your 15 000 hour
google ads master i created define
digital academy for one reason and that
is to help business owners like you grow
and scale their own businesses google
ads is an amazing tool and google makes
it very very easy for you to set up your
own campaign in google the problem is
they make it easy to set it up so that
they can get more money they want your
campaigns to generate clicks but what i
show you and the strategies that i use
they are strategies and tools which
focus on conversions meaning that you
get paid start your journey with google
ads today it would be my honor to have
you subscribe to my channel that way
you'll get notified every time i release
a new step-by-step training video if
you've got no experience don't worry we
have beginner series videos or if you're
an intermediate or an expert at google
ads i'll also be sharing some high level
strategies that i've used in some of my
biggest campaigns for international
companies that are spending up to 85 000
a month also once you've subscribed to
my channel and started watching some of
those videos feel free to leave some
comments because i will be going through
and answering any questions that you
have
[Music]
you